README.md, before:

# hjzMolaLab

The project is for the MOLA lab challenge.

Hello Professor, my name is Junzhou He, and I am a first-year student in the Viterbi School of Engineering at USC, majoring in Computer Science. I have extensive experience in backend engineering and have previously interned at Tencent Technology in China, one of the largest internet companies in the country. I possess a strong ability to learn new things and, although my undergraduate degree is not in computer science, I have gained a lot of knowledge in software engineering. In fact, I received a full-time job offer after my internship, but I decided to come to USC to further my studies.

As a spring student, I have a lot of free time this summer since, as an international student, I am not able to obtain a CPT to work off-campus. I am eager to find a challenging project to work on during my first year at USC, and I believe the MOLA lab is the perfect place for me. Firstly, I am very interested in the field of NLP, as it is rapidly growing in popularity and demand. I have already learned some knowledge about NLP and I wish to learn more. Furthermore, with the development of container technology, the concept of "serverless" is becoming more and more popular, and JavaScript and TypeScript are becoming popular again, not just for web development but also for backend servers. As a backend developer enthusiast, I do not want to miss this opportunity.

Although I am currently busy with other responsibilities, such as taking my driver's license test, dealing with housing issues, and attending various welcome activities, I still made time to complete this challenge and I am very interested in working at the MOLA lab. If I am given the opportunity, I will put in my maximum effort and I am confident that we can create some amazing projects together.

Commit message:

Add descriptions about the files

README.md, after:

# hjzMolaLab

The project is for the MOLA lab challenge.
The pycontainer includes the googlecloud deploying files and the python file I use to do language detection and sentiment score
Other files in the root are the chrome extension files.


Hello Professor, my name is Junzhou He, and I am a first-year student in the Viterbi School of Engineering at USC, majoring in Computer Science. I have extensive experience in backend engineering and have previously interned at Tencent Technology in China, one of the largest internet companies in the country. I possess a strong ability to learn new things and, although my undergraduate degree is not in computer science, I have gained a lot of knowledge in software engineering. In fact, I received a full-time job offer after my internship, but I decided to come to USC to further my studies.

As a spring student, I have a lot of free time this summer since, as an international student, I am not able to obtain a CPT to work off-campus. I am eager to find a challenging project to work on during my first year at USC, and I believe the MOLA lab is the perfect place for me. Firstly, I am very interested in the field of NLP, as it is rapidly growing in popularity and demand. I have already learned some knowledge about NLP and I wish to learn more. Furthermore, with the development of container technology, the concept of "serverless" is becoming more and more popular, and JavaScript and TypeScript are becoming popular again, not just for web development but also for backend servers. As a backend developer enthusiast, I do not want to miss this opportunity.

Although I am currently busy with other responsibilities, such as taking my driver's license test, dealing with housing issues, and attending various welcome activities, I still made time to complete this challenge and I am very interested in working at the MOLA lab. If I am given the opportunity, I will put in my maximum effort and I am confident that we can create some amazing projects together.
